Explain platform support in the readme. (#578)
grpc/grpc-swift: README.md

gRPC Swift is built on top of [Swift NIO][swift-nio] as opposed to the core
library provided by the [gRPC project][grpc].

### Supported Platforms

>  Swift gRPC's platform support is identical to the [platform support of Swift NIO](https://github.com/apple/swift-nio#supported-platforms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gRPC Swift's platform support is identical to the [platform support of Swift NIO](https://github.com/apple/swift-nio#supported-platforms).
```
